# Welcome to md

## What is md?

`md` is a markdown generator.
It's a JavaScript library.

## Why md?

You might ask why this instead of just writing markdown?
Well like most of the things I built, it's just because 

1. I *can*;
2. It's a lot of fun;
3. It'll probably save me some time later.

I was writing some module at work. And I wrote function-signature to generate function signatures on my class prototype. So I don't have to maintain the document again and again. Whenever my code changes, I get latest function signatures for free. (No jsdoc? Yes I'm THAT lazy).
 So the main part of my doc is generated by code now. So I thought, what's next? Naturally it's to generate everything from code.

## How to use

**First of all -**

> Change is the only constant

This project just got started and are only with the most basic funcs.
***So expect a lot of changes coming.***
The easiest way is to look at the test code in `/test`
Run`$ npm test`

### API (subject to change)

```js
var md = require('md')
var text = 'some text to convert to markdown'

// Use like below. text will be applied with fn1, fn2, customFn...
// and lastly, md.fn
// If you supply a customFn, customFn should be function(text) -> textOutput
md.fn(text[, md.fn1, md.fn2, customFn...])

// for example
md.code('md.h1()') // --> `md.h1()`
md.h3('md.badFn()', md.code, md.strikethrough) // --> ### ~~`md.h1()`~~
```

#### Available methods

- `md.h1()`
- `md.h2()`
- `md.h3()`
- `md.h4()`
- `md.h5()`
- `md.strikethrough() | md.st()`
- `md.b() | md.strong()`
- `md.i() | md.em()`
- `md.bq()`
- `md.code()`
- `md.sh() | md.shell()`
- `md.js()`
- `md.html()`
- `md.css()`
- `md.js()`
- `md.mapLines()`
- `md.ul()`
- `md.li()`
- `md.ol()`

## What's the plan?

Like most of my projects, this project starts just experimental.
Maybe I'm reinventing the wheel.
Maybe I will be the only one who use/maintain it.
But if you have any idea/suggestion. Feel free to let me know!

## One more thing...

This doc is generated with `md`.

